Frequently Asked Questions

How do I get certified for a course?
To get certified in a course, you need to successfully complete all quizzes and submissions (if applicable) with 100% progression.


My progression is 100%, but the certificate isn't loading/generating. What should I do?
Please clear your browser history and try again. If the issue persists, log out and log back in, then try again.


I don't know the answer to the quiz of a course, can I still get certified?
Please ensure you complete the quiz with the correct answer. You can attempt the quiz an unlimited number of times.


How can I change my name on my certificate/profile?
Please follow these steps: Go to your profile -> Edit your name -> Refresh your browser (CTRL + F5) -> Regenerate your certificate.


Where can I find the certificate? Where is the 'Get Certified' option?
You need to click on the 'Get Certified' option at the end of the course modules in the table of contents. It will only be displayed after you complete all the lessons with 100% progress.


I cannot download my certificate, a blank screen appears, what should I do?
The certificate should automatically download. Please check your downloads folder, the certificate will download as a PDF file. For better results, try using Google Chrome.


Why is Course X not available in Y language?
We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience. We are committed to offering courses in as many regional languages as possible. Please send your request to info@guvi.in.


What can I do with GEEKOINS?
HCL GUVI users can use GEEKOINS to purchase courses and 'run counts,' useful in CodeKata, WebKata, and Debugging, and redeem coupons from the rewards section.


What is your refund policy? I want a refund for my course.
Refunds are processed within 7 working days from the date you fill out the refund form, which will be sent to your email by our team. To request a refund, please contact us at info@guvi.in or reach out to your course coordinator via email or phone, providing your details and the reason for the refund.


Where can I find the courses?
Please visit this link https://www.guvi.in/courses to view our course library.


I'm not able to log in. Please help.
Please refresh your browser (CTRL + SHIFT + R for Windows, CMD + SHIFT + R for Mac) and try again. Also, consider trying a different browser.

For further Queries, Drop a mail to
info@guvi.in
ZEN CLASS

LIVE CLASS

Full Stack Development
Data Science
Software Development
Intel AIML
Automation & Testing
UI/UX
DevOps
Business Analytics with Digital Marketing
All Programs
Popular Courses

Python - IIT-M Pravartak Certified
Java
Mobile Hacking
C Programming
AWS
Angular
Dark Web
All Courses
Self-Paced Courses

Premium Pass
Paid Courses
Free Courses
Combos
Practice Platforms

CodeKata
WebKata
SQLKata
Debugging
IDE
Community

Campus Ambassador
Industrial visit
Products

HackerKID
Placement Preparation
HCL GUVI for Corporates
Studytonight
Resources

Success Stories
Learn Hub
Free Resources
New
Blog
Web Stories
Rewards
Refer a friend
Become an Affiliate
Company

Refund Policy
FAQs
Contact Us
About Us