About Us | HCL GUVI ✕ Courses Collapse 1 Live Classes ZEN CLASS Live Online Classes LIVE Online Intensive Program + Placement Guidance IIT-M Pravartak Certified Data Science Program Learn Python, Machine Learning, NLP, Tableau, PowerBI & more MongoDB Certified Gen AI Software Development Program Learn Data Structures, System Design, RAG, LLM, Java, Spring, Javascript, ReactJs , MongoDB & More Intel Certified Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Program Learn Machine Learning, Deep Learning, LLMOps, Gen Ai & More Explore More Programs Collapse 2 Practice CodeKata Sharpen your coding skills, prepare for interviews WebKata Build basic Frontend and Backend development skills SQLKata Master SQL concepts in relational database management Debugging A series of programs curated by Industry Experts IDE - Online Compiler Run & test your code in any programming language Collapse 3 Resources Success Stories Learn Hub Free Resources New Rewards Referral Blogs Get The App Become an Affiliate Collapse 4 Products HackerKID Coding classes platform for K-12 children HCL GUVI for Corporates Meet your Hiring & Training Needs Placement Preparation Ace Up your Aptitude Studytonight Free Programming Resources Sign Up Login Courses LIVE Classes ZEN CLASS live online classes LIVE Online Intensive Program + Placement Guidance IIT-M Pravartak Certified Data Science Program Learn Python, Machine Learning, NLP, Tableau, PowerBI & more MongoDB Certified Gen AI Software Development Program Learn Data Structures, System Design, RAG, LLM, Java, Spring, Javascript, ReactJs , MongoDB & More Intel Certified Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Program Learn Machine Learning, Deep Learning, LLMOps, Gen Ai & More Explore More Programs Practice CodeKata Sharpen your coding skills, prepare for interviews WebKata Build basic Frontend and Backend development skills SQLKata Master SQL concepts in relational database management Debugging A series of programs curated by Industry Experts IDE - Online Compiler Run & test your code in any programming language Resources Success Stories Learn Hub Free Resources New Rewards Referral Blogs Get The App Become an Affiliate Products HackerKID Coding classes platform for K-12 children HCL GUVI for Corporates Meet your Hiring & Training Needs Placement Preparation Ace Up your Aptitude Studytonight Free Programming Resources Login Sign up Top Vernacular EdTech Company incubated by IIT-M & IIM-A Delivering world-class learning experience by providing highly-effective & finest learning solutions, breaking the language barrier in tech-learning to more than 2 million learners worldwide. Our Mission Our Vision Our mission is to become the leading platform for skilling, offering high-quality, easy-to-understand courses in vernacular languages. We aim to bridge the gap for those without access to elite learning materials and those... Read More To empower individuals across the globe by providing affordability and accessibility for upskilling, breaking down language barriers, and fostering a community of skilled professionals. Our Story 2011 Started as a YouTube channel - 'HCL GUVI Sharing' with technical videos instructed in native languages like Tamil, Telugu & Marathi for enhancing the learning experience. 2014 Officially Registered as an EdTech company, named HCL GUVI GEEK NETWORK PRIVATE LIMITED & incubated by eminent institutions such as IIT-M. 2015 Selected as Technical Content Partner for IIT-M QEEE(Quality Enhancement in Engineering Education) & stood as the Winner at 'Chennai Crowd Product Pitch'. 2016 Collaborated with Anna University for Faculty Development Training Programme (FDTP) for the enhancement of 550 Engineering Colleges in Tamilnadu. 2017 HCL GUVI got selected as One of the Top 10 startups led by Women in India hosted by Google Launchpad & actively got engaged in the Google for Startups Accelerator. 2018 Conducted Asia's 2nd largest AI Hackathon 'Code In India' (500+ participants) in the HCL Madurai, Selected among the Top 50 startups in India by IIGP 2.0(Tata Trusts), Selected for JioGenNext Startup Accelerator & Invited to Google I/O meet in California. 2019 Won Equity Free Seed Fund at EMPOWER (Accelerating Women Entrepreneurship), Incubated by IIM-A CIIE with Grant funding & Pre-series funding from Gray Matters Capital. 2020 Raised Pre-series funding & got backed by CBA Capital & Surpassed 5 Lakhs + user base with standard quality in EdTech. 2021 Created Guinness World Record through AI-for-India 1.0, crossed Milestone with 1 Million+ learners, Recognised by HolonIQ as One of the 100 Most Promising EdTechs (South Asia), & Officially partnered with UiPath & became 'Google for Education' Partner. 2022 Proudly Associated with the HCL Group, Awarded 'Most Trusted Vernacular Edutech Brand' by Zee Digital & Selected as the No.1 Top EdTech company by TNSDC ('Naan Mudhalvan' Initiative). 2023 Awarded 'Best Online Personalized Learning Platform' in Education Innovative Awards by Entrepreneur India, Empowered 30K+ women with Tech skills through 'AI-for-Women' initiative & Achieved 2 Million+ Learners within a year. 2024 Celebrating 10 years of excellence , HCL GUVI has been at the forefront of tech education. Our decade-long journey has empowered many to transform their careers and lives through learning. Core Values Passion An unwavering passion to bring tech closer to learners from all walks of life. We get fueled on the idea of driving innovation while revolutionizing tech learning by turning language into a medium from a barrier. Team Work We are proud members of a technically steered and uplifting team that comes together to create a difference in the lives of millions of tech learners. It takes an idea to start, it takes a team to build all things phenomenal. Creativity The need to be creative to make learning intriguing and comprehensible is a major pillar of HCL GUVI's functioning. We love bringing creative solutions to life to serve uniqueness and unparalleled experience to our learners. Simplicity A simple idea can change the world. We stick to that simplicity to achieve the biggest of goals. At HCL GUVI, we believe in simplifying tech and its concepts which we use to build transformational courses for everyone. Customer Focus At HCL GUVI, our prime priority is to serve the users and fulfill their needs without compromising on quality. We want our products to provide exceptional value and reflect the learner's interest at the heart of curation. Passion An unwavering passion to bring tech closer to learners from all walks of life. We get fueled on the idea of driving innovation while revolutionizing tech learning by turning language into a medium from a barrier. Team Work We are proud members of a technically steered and uplifting team that comes together to create a difference in the lives of millions of tech learners. It takes an idea to start, it takes a team to build all things phenomenal. Creativity The need to be creative to make learning intriguing and comprehensible is a major pillar of HCL GUVI's functioning. We love bringing creative solutions to life to serve uniqueness and unparalleled experience to our learners. Simplicity A simple idea can change the world. We stick to that simplicity to achieve the biggest of goals. At HCL GUVI, we believe in simplifying tech and its concepts which we use to build transformational courses for everyone. Customer Focus At HCL GUVI, our prime priority is to serve the users and fulfill their needs without compromising on quality. We want our products to provide exceptional value and reflect the learner's interest at the heart of curation. Awards and Recognition 'Guinness World Record Holder through AI-for-India 1.0.' Breaking the record of 'Most users taking an online computer programming lesson in 24 hours'. 'Most Trusted Vernacular Edutech Brand' Awarded by Zee digital 'Among the 100 Most Promising Edtechs (South Asia)' Recognized by HolonIQ 'Winner of Equity Free Seed Fund' Awarded at EMPOWER (Accelerating Women Entrepreneurship) 'Stood 1st among the top 3 EdTech companies' Selected by TNSDC ('Naan Mudhalvan' Initiative) 'Best Online Personalized Learning Platform' Education Innovative Awards' awarded by Entrepreneur India 'Guinness World Record Holder through AI-for-India 1.0.' Breaking the record of 'Most users taking an online computer programming lesson in 24 hours'. 'Most Trusted Vernacular Edutech Brand' Awarded by Zee digital 'Among the 100 Most Promising Edtechs (South Asia)' Recognized by HolonIQ 'Winner of Equity Free Seed Fund' Awarded at EMPOWER (Accelerating Women Entrepreneurship) 'Stood 1st among the top 3 EdTech companies' Selected by TNSDC ('Naan Mudhalvan' Initiative) 'Best Online Personalized Learning Platform' Education Innovative Awards' awarded by Entrepreneur India Esteemed Partners and Accreditations Our Founding Team Late Mrs. Sridevi Arunprakash Co-Founder Mr. ArunPrakash M Founder & CEO Mr. Bala Murugan SP Co-Founder Late Mrs. Sridevi Arunprakash Co-Founder Mr. ArunPrakash M Founder & CEO Mr. Bala Murugan SP Co-Founder We are popular for our work May 06, 2021 HCL GUVI and All India Council for Technical Education create record with workshop A total of 1,12,314 persons participated in the 'AI for India' initiative organized on April 24 and 25 by HCL GUVI and All India Council for Technical Education. The event was aimed at up-skilling Indians in Python programming language. Read more Sep 22, 2021 IIT, IIM Alumni Offer Free Skill Training to 5,000 Students from Low Income Backgrounds Alumni of IIT Madras and IIM Ahmedabad had come together to offer free skill training to 5000 students from low-income backgrounds. The startup was formed by the alumni - HCL GUVI launched a new initiative called 'Fly High'. Read more Mar 15, 2023 IIT-Madras startup launches 'AI-for-Women' initiative HCL GUVI, An IIT - Madras incubated startup, aims at empowering more than 30,000 women with opportunities to upskill their tech skills for free under a special campaign called 'AI-for-Women'. Read more Mar 15, 2023 IIT Madras' Startup Becomes A 'Google For Education' Partner HCL GUVI (Grab Ur Vernacular Imprint) has partnered with Google for the 'Google for Education' program. This initiative aims at enhancing the users' learning experience, especially in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities in India. Read more Jan 12, 2016 SMALL TOWN BOY FROM TAMIL NADU STARTS VERNACULAR PLATFORM HCL GUVI FOR IT LEARNING Arun Prakash was the first graduate in his family. The 33 year old completed his BTech from Sethu Institute of Technology, Virudhunagar, Tamil Nadu. Things changed for the better, however, when he impressed the recruiters at Honeywell. Read more May 19, 2016 Online regional language courses gain traction When Ahmedabad-based Arvind Mishra stumbled upon Online Tyari, a multi - lingual app which helps government exam aspirants prepare in their mother tongue, he felt he had struck a gold mine. Read more Join & Team Up with Us Want to be a part of dedicated team that aims to upskill everyone across the globe? Join us to make an impact! Welcoming to hire professionals for Technical Development, Graphic Design, Digital Marketing, Sales, & Industry experts across various domains. Send your updated CV & resume to [email protected] ZEN CLASS LIVE CLASS Full Stack Development Data Science Software Development Intel AIML Automation & Testing UI/UX DevOps Business Analytics with Digital Marketing All Programs Popular Courses Python - IIT-M Pravartak Certified Java Mobile Hacking C Programming AWS Angular Dark Web All Courses Self-Paced Courses Premium Pass Paid Courses Free Courses Combos Practice Platforms CodeKata WebKata SQLKata Debugging IDE Community Campus Ambassador Industrial visit Products HackerKID Placement Preparation HCL GUVI for Corporates Studytonight Resources Success Stories Learn Hub Free Resources New Blog Web Stories Rewards Refer a friend Become an Affiliate Company Refund Policy FAQs Contact Us About Us ZEN CLASS LIVE CLASS Full Stack Development Data Science Software Development Intel AIML Automation & Testing UI/UX DevOps Business Analytics with Digital Marketing All Programs Popular Courses Python - IIT-M Pravartak Certified Java Mobile Hacking C Programming AWS Angular Dark Web All Courses Self-Paced Courses Premium Pass Paid Courses Free Courses Combos Practice Platforms CodeKata WebKata SQLKata Debugging IDE Community Campus Ambassador Industrial visit Products HackerKID Placement Preparation HCL GUVI for Corporates Studytonight Resources Success Stories Learn Hub Free Resources New Blog Web Stories Rewards Refer a friend Become an Affiliate Company Refund Policy FAQs Contact Us About Us Refer & Earn HCL GUVI (Grab Your Vernacular Imprint) Geek Network Private Limited is a leading online learning and skills development company, incubated by IIT Madras and IIM Ahmedabad. Established in 2014 and acquired by the HCL Group in 2022, HCL GUVI is dedicated to providing effective and high-quality learning and skilling programs that transcend language barriers in technology education. HCL GUVI today is trusted by over 3 million learners and 2000+ corporate partners. Refer & Earn Follow us on Follow us on HCL GUVI (Grab Your Vernacular Imprint) Geek Network Private Limited is a leading online learning and skills development company, incubated by IIT Madras and IIM Ahmedabad. Established in 2014 and acquired by the HCL Group in 2022, HCL GUVI is dedicated to providing effective and high-quality learning and skilling programs that transcend language barriers in technology education. HCL GUVI today is trusted by over 3 million learners and 2000+ corporate partners. Follow us on Refer & Earn Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy HCL GUVI Geeks Network Pvt. Ltd. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy HCL GUVI Geeks Network Pvt. Ltd. Unlock Your Exclusive Rewards! You have exclusive rewards which you can unlock by earning Geekoins. Explore your rewards now! Later Explore Rewards